Looking for Curriculum?
Get our FREE 50-page guide to choosing the best dyslexia-friendly homeschool curriculum.
			
				
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
				
				
				
			
			
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				Now available on Amazon!
			Discover the freedom you have to give your kids with dyslexia and other language-based learning differences a meaningful education.
If you’re overwhelmed by the day-to-day education of your kids with dyslexia and other language-based learning difficulties, you’re probably looking at it from the wrong point of view.
No More School, written by homeschool veteran Marianne Sunderland, will guide you into creating an engaging, meaningful, and effective educational experience for your smart but struggling learners.
			
				
				
				
				
			
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				Homeschooling kids with dyslexia is good but it isn’t easy
			
				
				
				
				
				“Kids who learn differently need to be taught differently. Our goal is to help you learn the best, research-based methods of teaching as well as practical strategies gained through years of experience.”
			
			
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				Get the Guidance You Need with ourNew Consulting Packages
			
				
				
				
				
				
				
			
			
				
				
				
				
				
			
			
				
				
				
				
				
			
			
				
				
				
				
			
				
				
			
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				Below you’ll find our best resources to help you homeschool with confidence
			
				
					
					
						
						Get started teaching yourself and your kids about dyslexia with our books. Getting educated is the first step.
					
				
					
					
						
						Learn how to teach kids the way they learn with one of our online courses written specifically for the homeschool parent.
					
				
					
					
						
						Get plugged into to one of our mentoring groups. We have three options to choose from. You don’t have to do this alone!
					
				
				
				
				
				
			
				
				
			
				
				
				
				
				Recent Posts
			
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				
				From our community
			
				
				
				
				
				
				When we first received my son’s diagnosis, I was overwhelmed with the thoughts of what would happen next. This site has provided answers, options, encouragement, and resources. Super thankful to know I have a support group right here on this page!  
					I just want to personally thank you for your blog, Facebook Page, newsletter and especially your courses on Dyslexia. You have helped me more than you know. Thank you again!

					Christy Shepherd
				
			
				
				
				
				
				
					This site is my go-to resource for teaching my profoundly dyslexic son. Marianne’s practical and encouraging wisdom has helped me think differently about how I educate my son – and all for the better. I am so grateful for her heart to help other parents with dyslexic kids succeed in educating their children at home. Thank you!
					Shawna Wingert
				
					I am a retired Dyslexia Specialist, public school reacher and adult dyslexic myself. Your information is accurate rock solid and practical to implement. I have recommended it to several homeschoolers as a good source of information to review and consider using. 
					Bobbi Jean McDonald
				
			
				
				
				
				
				
					Homeschooling with dyslexia is my go-to website to send parents who have struggling learners. Many of my clients homeschool, but this site helps even my clients who are traditionally schooled

					Kimberly A. VogelPCET Professionally Certified Educational Therapist 
				
					Homeschooling with Dyslexia has been a great resource for support, information, and inspiration on some of our more difficult days. Thank you for your selflessness in reaching out to others like us, who can sometimes feel like the square peg trying to fit into this round hole world.
					Cathy Zufelt-Bachhofer
				
			
				
				
				
				
			
				
				
			
				
				
				
				
				Our Most Popular Products
			Our weekly newsletter offers teaching tips, product reviews, curriculum suggestions, resource recommendations, and the encouragement you need to teach your kids with confidence.