Everyone knows that a rich single man must want a wif. When such a man moves to a new place, families with daughters see him as a perfect matc. It doesn't matter what the man actually thinks about marriag. One day, Mrs. Bennet had exciting news for her husban. She told M. Bennet that someone had rented Netherfield Park, a big house nearb. Mr. Bennet didn't seem to care much about this news at firs. "But my dear," Mrs. Bennet said, "it's a wealthy young man from the north of Englan. His name is M. Bingley!" She explained that M. Bingley had visited on Monday and loved the house right awa. He planned to move in by late September, and his servants would arrive next wee. Mrs. Bennet was already thinking about their five daughter. Maybe one of them could marry this rich M. Bingley! "I don't think that's very likely," Mr. Bennet sai. "Though I suppose he might fall in love with one of our girl." Then he joked, "Actually, he might like me better than the girl. I am quite handsome, you kno." Mrs. Bennet was not amused by her husband's jok. She had serious plan. "You must visit M. Bingley as soon as he arrives," she insiste. "It's very important for our daughters' futures. We need to make a good impressio." She added, "Even Sir William and Lady Lucas are planning to visit hi. They don't usually bother with new neighbor." Mr. Bennet didn't want to make the visi. This frustrated his wif. "Well, if you won't visit," Mrs. Bennet said, "maybe we could send him a lette. We could introduce ourselves and tell him about our daughter. Especially our Lizzy - she's so clever and charmin." But M. Bennet disagreed with his wife's high opinion of their daughter. "I don't think any of our girls are that special," he sai. "Not even Lizz. They're all pretty ordinary in looks and personalit." "You always play favorites!" Mrs. Bennet complaine. "And you never think about my poor nerves!" she added dramaticall. Mr. Bennet smiled at this familiar complain. "Oh, I know your nerves very well, my dear," he said with amusemen. "We've been old friends for twenty year."
