Everyone knows that a rich single man must want a wife. This idea is so strong that families always think about marrying their daughters to such a man "My dear Mr Bennet"man. "My dear Mr. Bennet," Mrs. Bennet said one day, "have you heard that Netherfield Park has a new owner?" Mr. Bennet said he had not heard this news "But it is true"news. "But it is true," she said. "Mrs Long was just here She told me all about it" Mr"Mrs. Long was just here. She told me all about it." Mr. Bennet said nothing "Do you not want to know who bought it?"nothing. "Do you not want to know who bought it?" his wife asked "You want to tell me I do not mind hearing it"asked. "You want to tell me. I do not mind hearing it," he said Mrssaid. Mrs. Bennet was excited. She said a young man named Mr. Bingley had bought Netherfield. He was very rich and came from the north of England. He came on Monday to see the house. He liked it so much that he will move in soon. Some servants will come next week "Is he married or single?"week. "Is he married or single?" Mr. Bennet asked "Single This is great news for our girls"asked. "Single! This is great news for our girls!" said Mrs. Bennet "How so?"Bennet. "How so?" he asked "How can you ask that I am thinking he might marry one of them"asked. "How can you ask that! I am thinking he might marry one of them," she said "Is that why he moved here?" "No but he might fall in love with one of our daughters You must visit him when he comes"said. "Is that why he moved here?" "No, but he might fall in love with one of our daughters. You must visit him when he comes," she said "I do not need to do that You and the girls can go Or just send the girls Mr Bingley might like you better"said. "I do not need to do that. You and the girls can go. Or just send the girls. Mr. Bingley might like you better," Mr. Bennet said with a smile "You are too kind I was pretty once But I have five grown daughters now I should not think about my looks"smile. "You are too kind. I was pretty once. But I have five grown daughters now. I should not think about my looks," Mrs. Bennet said "But you must visit Mr Bingley"said. "But you must visit Mr. Bingley," she said again "I do not promise to do that"again. "I do not promise to do that," he said "Think about your daughters One of them could marry him That would be wonderful Sir William and Lady Lucas will visit him They always meet new people You must go first or we cannot visit him at all"said. "Think about your daughters. One of them could marry him. That would be wonderful. Sir William and Lady Lucas will visit him. They always meet new people. You must go first, or we cannot visit him at all," she said "You worry too much Mr Bingley will be happy to see you I will write him a letter I will say he can marry any of our girls But I think Lizzy would be best"said. "You worry too much. Mr. Bingley will be happy to see you. I will write him a letter. I will say he can marry any of our girls. But I think Lizzy would be best," Mr. Bennet said "Do not write such a thing Lizzy is not better than the others She is not as pretty as Jane She is not as fun as Lydia But you always like her best"said. "Do not write such a thing! Lizzy is not better than the others. She is not as pretty as Jane. She is not as fun as Lydia. But you always like her best," Mrs. Bennet said "None of them are very special They are all silly like other girls But Lizzy is smarter than her sisters"said. "None of them are very special. They are all silly like other girls. But Lizzy is smarter than her sisters," Mr. Bennet said "Mr Bennet how can you say such things about your own children? You like to upset me You do not care about my poor nerves"said. "Mr. Bennet, how can you say such things about your own children? You like to upset me. You do not care about my poor nerves," Mrs. Bennet said "You are wrong my dear I care very much about your nerves They are old friends of mine You have talked about them for twenty years"said. "You are wrong, my dear. I care very much about your nerves. They are old friends of mine. You have talked about them for twenty years," Mr. Bennet said.
